Tweet queue
“Organizing is so hard! I’m organizing a stress workshop with other organizers
soon.”
“Relationship structures”
AI for SWE in areas where I have low experience is like mining with a mech suit,
lower precision included
Had a weird dream last night about repeatedly parachuting
Kinda nice how all these dudes have a little spiel on deck for the barista
Next time I’m not sure if I should tip I should talk to the barista about whatever is
on my mind and see how good of a listener he/she is
Join us next time on google photos for: 500 more pics of you and your ex!
Getcho ass on bruh
Someone needs to tell Landon he has enough straight guy friends to say type shit
over text
Starting a new branch of the rationalist movement called LeastWrong where I
conclusively prove that everyone has humanity has run out of new axioms to
discover and freeze all current rat beliefs in place and see how stupid they look in
5 years
The scourge of the next generation will be child and adolescent digital technology
use
I think people like to get so caught up in their particular pet issue/moral panic
when it comes to parenting that it gets drowned out but I think this will eventually
become one of THE issues of our time
F1st
Walking into Ibiza Town to go get breakfast then passing by the cherry shit to go
get advil with my janky ass scrip lol
Write something about actual silence
Seed crystal

This is like deaf people being against cochlear implants

Insane how many random birth defects modern medicine has rendered unheard of
even by those that had it

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hell,_Michigan
Even the Monk that’s been meditating for 58 years straight knows what color the
backs of his eyelids are
Wisdom vs ignorance
The thing about aspects of quality vs quality itself applies for certain tastes, like
wanting the fastest rapper or the biggest superhero movie fight scene
That convo I had in salt lake city showed the cleavage on “doing what you like”
Part of why I almost always sympathize with the protagonist is because I strive for
objectivity so strongly and having to remove myself from seeing the perspective of
the main character as objective takes me out of that

Bipartite soul 6 beers deep vs 7 beers deep
I wish there was a soundgoodizer shampoo and conditioner
I feel like P vs NP and competitive programming stuff kind of connects to the stuff
in this book about solutions to scientific problems in general. Where intuition
apparent in lower-order problem solving becomes scarce and things can’t be
tacked down methodologically, where verification of solutions is instantaneous but
coming up with solutions feels like blindly exploring branches on a tree. Do
problems beyond human intuition of the correct rules to align exist? I would think
no, since my experience with formal problems I can’t solve intuitively so far has
been that people smarter or more practiced than me can do so off intuition, and
we’re assuming ever increasing levels of human intelligence. But if there is a limit,
perhaps created by a priori factors, we would perhaps have to explore branches of
the tree like a dfs or bfs (or possibly a numerical lock (wait 10 is arbitrary, this all
reduces down to the problem of the true/false conditions!)
The issue is that the number of conditions is unknown. We can discover more
parts of the construct to aid with our verification of truth or falsehood, and since
everything reduces to this binary problem, you can find representations of
everything by picking and (lost here)
Should focus on the nature of intuition itself. Is mathematical beauty equal to
intuition?
Intuitive understanding of anything can be linked together. From physics to
motorcycles to programming problems to cooking to writing to doing a menial job
What do I have good intuition for?
-Canek
-Will
-Airplane crash risk?
-specific board games
-stratego?
-splendor
-not poker
-Originality
I overestimate my intuition (this connects to wisdom)
Who has good useful intuition for different things?

. Michael: people
Canek: people, geography
Los: fashion, art, taste in woman (aligned with mine at least)
John: economy of actions, career advancement, decidedly not people/art
Jesse: fitness
Will: dominance
It is possible to feel painfully limited at something you’re great at

I get caught up in the beauty of bits of rhetoric in the music I listen to
That’s what creates earworms and bits of songs we get caught in our head: they
get caught in our beauty net and evaluated in the context of broader art just like
any other “higher” form of art
Are people more in touch with their rational or emotional side better writers?
“Italians’ revenge for World War II”
Why do I keep having parachuting and skydiving dreams???
Weird that trump hasn’t axed DACA yet
UF massive field dream!
Erdn needs un urn urn
Peevish
Where does sociopathy stand in the dichotomy between passion and reason?
When Canek thought the small plane was was about to land
Maybe in 11 years
Realistically (barring the worst case scenario) 6
https://www.memri.org/tv/mickey-mouse-character-hamas-tv-teaches-childrenabout-islamic-rule-world
WTF
I love orchestral swells in Detroit beats
Omkar Shitole
Dylan couldn’t go band for band
This kid is like baby chuck Schumer
Lucas got maids
The American rule
This is like doing a backflip

Campione CIA dad confirmed

How long until acting too fratted becomes cringe again like how it was seen in the
hipster era and nerds get to be back in the limelight/soy dies
A good thought experiment is imagine you switch bodies for the weekend with a
more physically attractive friend of yours, go out, and easily find a one night stand
(stranger) who you otherwise wouldn’t have been able to pull (easily at least). How
much do you enjoy the whole thing? Measures hooking up for the physical

experience vs for the validation of it
Life has not been hitting lately

There is no way she calls him Bubbles … wtf
Mikey was right
Utilitarianism combines empiricism with philosophy to an extent and this is what
attracts certain people to it

New first principle: if GitHub tweaks about your password you probably mistyped
the URL

I knew Ray Ban was next up
Kratom

Tuscon gets a rodeo break
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XghvthbMiI0&ab_channel=joshbeast
If it weren’t for that California rap lyrics law Jaaybo would be doing crazy time rn
lol
Connective sentences!

Lucas gotta chill w the late night sessions- just kept me up for 45

Hi pots, get mentors, volunteer for high profile assignments
CONVICTION TO FOLLOW THRU

This is what Eminem would be talking about back in the day lol

Can’t believe the edutainers found out about kiryas joel

There’s no way they call it the town too…

Bruh
My theory for 2020 Stockton music -> 2025 Stockton music is that it’s the same
thing for Brooklyn -> Bronx drill. Each genre starts off using drum packs compiled
from other generic genres and then after the sound has been solidified for some
time it gets its own drum packs/samples. It becomes hyperreal.

How is it that 2am to 4am happens in the blink of an eye but 9am to 11am feels like
ages

Ginger beer vs ginger ale!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mountza
Lucas just called his dad retarded on the phone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYp2vLh1V-U

I wonder if referring to people as armchair _____ caught on mimetically partly
because armchair kinda sounds like amateur
Who you are isn’t a function of who you try to be. People are like bright lights that
would shine on everything if not for the tattered cloth you put over it. Not every
inch of it can be covered up and not every inch should shine, but you should let
your drive and passions shine through
All ties back to free choice. Principles can be practical like heuristics, this feels
less inhuman if you’ve been on the other side of thinking choices are real in the
first place. When coming back from thinking of people as machines, it makes a lot
more sense to think of choices as being made to follow reward signals, and those
reward signals as ends themselves, and moral admiration or repugnance feels less
visceral when something in the back of your head is telling you that they didn’t
really “choose” to be good or bad
Enterprise fizzbuzz
Its funny when the single an artist really fucked with and thought was gonna blow
just does average numbers and the snippet/lea from some random track they were
gonna toss on the deluxe blows up on TikTok so they have to drop it and it does
numbers and you can tell they’re kind of annoyed
High registers and punchy 808s

I think starting any menu item name off with “cheese” makes it just a little less
classy
Mixtape sound is coming back
Travis Scott is the Steven Spielberg of rap

Guarantee this song is from Milwaukee

If this gets into the tiktok pop mental health sphere the consequences will be
catastrophic
Russia is a utility monster
Why do my headphones sound so weird when I’m hungover
Mark my words something is gonna turn out to be fishy about the “40% of young
men have never approached a woman” stat
Fuck bro Clairo is so fineeeeeee

Is Raskolnikov him being mad about the marriage truly about his worry for his
sister or is it about his own pride
Damn this guy really just said he’d rather prostitute his sister than let her get
married to a rich dude and have him live in the rich guys shadow
“Following my nose”
I think it’s fascinating how different languages talk about dreams. In Spanish
there’s dreaming with whereas in English it’s dreaming about. Those feel like they
make the dream more subjective in English, and more participatory in Spanish.
Then, in the faithful translation of crime and punishment that I’m reading, it
switches to the present tense for dreams. This makes the dream feel more like a

series of fragmented scenes in the character’s head rather than a continuous
experience.
We need more cheaters to become professors because these current squares are
projecting their better nature way too hard onto us
The way most middle class and above Floridians live is wayyy more Podded than
how people do out west
Maybe a certain percentage of society will always be prone to vice and the vice
varies with time
I think the lame horse symbolizes him or his sister or his mother and the stress
they’re under
Write something about Spring Forward
Real people in places
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Pierre_and_Miquelon#d
People who hit people with their cars are probably more likely to not look both
ways and get hit by a car while walking. People who rob people are more likely to
get robbed. People who cheat are probably more likely to get cheated on. People
who cheat on tests do worse in class than those who don’t. Antisocial behavior
reflects bad decision making, and generally bad decision making tends to impart
consequences on people who act that way. Yet, people are still mystified by the
idea of karma. What we should really be mystified by are the people who manage
to do bad things and not face consequences. (Stupid but could be rewarded to be
better)
Why tf do these redditors act like every single fight vid where a guy gets knocked
out means he got turned into a vegetable. Most knockouts hurt peoples pride but
they recover
So we were passing through the driftless area when we were going into Minnesota.
Interesting.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom
The university of Florida must commit to keep the Santa Fe transfer pipeline open
for the next 60 years, and perhaps even lower the cutoff, so that the RHDFG
supply does not dry up or go fully to FSU. Without the RHDFGs staffing swamp
restaurant and other fine establishments UF will simply become yet another
soulless top public uni.
Don’t break the chain
The EBK dudes can widespreadly all rap but they definitely benefit from the poetic
excellence of “nightingale”
Drip gas
If the type of person who wants a tariff on podcast mics get their way it would only

be fair to place a reciprocal tariff on Video Essays
Braided streams

Them Cuban whatsapp chats gon love this one
https://deadspin.com/good-job-good-effort-kid-identified-as-worlds-bestm-5916420/
“Jetlagged” from a flight from Texas to Pennsylvania

Ebk is like the Stockton version of the Grox from spore

I sent a joking text on hinge and then thought about it and realized the sense of
humor was pretty specific and it might not be her style. I had just been thinking
about another joke I had made with my roommates earlier that they hadn’t thought
was funny, but that my best friend Canek would have loved. I started wondering
who would appreciate the joke out of my friends and drew a blank. How would I
come to find this funny if no one I know would? Then it dawned on me that my high
school ex would have loved it.

Nope
Endless content critiquing different archetypes has people afraid to
unapologetically self conceptualis
Doctor chivalry
Mr unlimited

Mixed the 2 texts up in my head and almost freaked

This and first show are the same kind of song
Hungover packing for a flight is a gift!
Quanny was learning Japanese last summer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maple_syrup_urine_disease
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Founder_effect#Among_human_populations

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pingelap
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edinburgh_of_the_Seven_Seas#History
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tristan_da_Cunha#Demographics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%C3%A2ndido_God%C3%B3i
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leendert_Hasenbosch#The_legend

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ascension_Island#Tourism_and_related_industries

https://web.archive.org/web/20161013143843/http://spacecovers.com/jpers/
zjp_emp_rca_etr_rangerat12_asc.htm

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xeno_nucleic_acid
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/
Hypothetical_types_of_biochemistry#Overview_of_hypothetical_types_of_bioche
mistry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_Vida
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lomas
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sailing_stones

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ice_shove

Wbe stocks bought
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cant_(language)
Thieves’ Cant
At 39 … whoever wanna be 40 on Friday better start them kegels yesterday
Lmfao this is so unhinged
I think the moment where boys and girls start to truly differentiate comes at the
age of 6 when every future man ever becomes immediately overwhelmed by the all
consuming urge to learn how to do a front flip
Future leaders of America
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bathypterois_grallator

The first verse on this shit is one of the best I’ve ever heard on a Detroit song and
the guy only has like 4 other songs

Sayso was a true original, shame he never got more shine

Gotta make it to NYC man
Nothing exemplifies the way technology has taken the vitality out of even the
mundane aspects of life like Venmo or Cashapp requests. “I’ll get you next time,”
whether spoken or heard, results in a similar net balance is so much more
affirming than someone creating a micro task for you the next day by buzzing your
phone from the other side of town.

My old roommate one time woke me up knocking on my door to show me a shirt he
thought I’d like. “It would totally fit your vibe better and it doesn’t even fit me so I
never wear it anyway.” I told him ok, I’ll take it. He was like “great I’ll sell it to you
for 7 dollars”
I’ve met many immigrants from 3rd world countries has less and yet were more
generous than most white middle class Americans
Snapchat is too indie/unaffiliated/unserious to fully optimize for retention and
make their app evil. Their interface is too goofy for people to actually try to be
super curated like on instagram. They haven’t fixed the trick where you half swipe
a message to view without leaving a read receipt. They even tried an infinite
scroller but it was done so poorly no serious person could ever get addicted. It’s
still just the app where people send pics of themselves throughout the day.
U ever know a word that you don’t know the actual meaning of but you just know
it’s gotta be something fucked??? Like ankylosing spondylitis…
I will show up at this crying baby’s high school grad party in 17 years and request a
fade
Grandma was doing 4 sets of 50 push ups a day
The music I like in seattle is so different
2 different students missing the SAT
A decision definitely awaits as to whether or not I respect this new mile long bus
lane conversion by my house
This dude didn’t know what a mango was

Get shoes
Meme->mimetic->mimic
So nonplussed rn…

Pride is a big theme in this book … I wonder to what extent Dostoevsky’s own
experience with debt influenced that
Hike on Tuesday/thursday
Gym tomorrow
Log rolling//spinning records
Small ball small ball

Her behavior makes a lot more sense when you imagine her as the sensitive young
man
Baby smoove has a vaguely contentious delivery
Quran is converting to Judaism
Refund method is claiming your uber driver sexually assaulted you after the third
time trying to refund
I popped a perc in Atlanta //
To show Lil Baby I was cool…
Wife beater under T shirt is the male equivalent to a push up bra
Disco nap
Girl walk signs in europe
When I would get pump faked by the lights on the horizon
These Indian girls talking shit about how their romantic rival took pre calc in 12th
grade
I have so many amazing stories—haven’t even busted out Disiz or Barca or Cocco
Lexxa in a minute
PISA measures
England hypergamy of looks vs status trumped by status since 1837
Middle East cousin marriage non assortstive because lack of choice and increases
clannishness?
Copenhagen speaking English
How much do you drink every day? 10 pints?
I want to marry a Jewish girl
Smith last name took 200 years to get into oxbridge
I don't have a background in education that goes beyond my tutoring experience,

so maybe this is just the same thing geezers said back in the day about kids not
knowing how to work a slide rule, but I think that many people, especially guys,
lose their vitality and sense of purpose the more that life feels like jumping through
hoops through them. I think the cynicism among a lot of young people today
comes from the way that LLMs have removed most of the things that would have
been challenging in their day to day lives.
Everyone has a different conscious experience.
Blog post will break them down and build them up. Construct your constructs. Live
and learn. Embrace the uncertainty. The median voter doesn’t know what they
want but they can. Yield to youristicizing your yearnings but yawn at your
overthoughts.
Why not be a vulgar fellow for a while

This is the equivalent of Hispanic people laughing at gringos for not being able to
salsa and losing the beat

Leave it to Georgia to design an Etsy license plate
Just got my erl changed in Elvis hometown
What % of people don’t understand how time zones work?
Internship vs internment
I think the ship doesn’t imply imposition upon someone the same way ment does
Then why does merriment not mean to make somebody merry?

Why was my coffee in a little styrofoam cup?
Dude had hella tabs on his skin and they melted onto his skin and he thought he
was an orange
Alright it’s up then Jeremy
Having a girlfriend is like Keynesian economics
Imagine there was a whole field of study just over one (living, lab rat status legally
if necessary) person. How much could we find out about/predict about them?
Obviously at first knowledge collection would be clandestine. Daveology
Canek passed the phone to the girl to let max Mack her
Lowkey think a decent subset of the red pill dudes who do the “all girls are hoes
and that’s gross because it gives me the ick because I’m a Relationship Guy” bit
are even bigger simps than the white knight guys they dunk on. I think a many if
not most of young guys’ real preference is just to have a harem of casual sex side
hoes while most girls want a relationship. A lot of guys who can’t pull but aren’t
totally fucked will default to said bit partly because it lets them justify the sexual
marketplace not valuing them that much by acting as if they’re disgusted by its
existence in the first place, but I guarantee if they were doing well in it they
wouldn’t be complaining. Then they pick the desired alternative and subvert their
true desires because they want to appeal to “the good ones.” Obviously a ton of
guys ARE relationship guys and valuing lack of promiscuity in a partner comes
from a deeper evolutionary basis that can’t just be explained by envy/cope, but I
think this is a real thing.
And what the fuck is with the ruin my life squeeze my head between your thighs
mommy shit that these dudes be on???? Learned helplessness for guys when it
comes to talking to girls is a real thing
Ali is like a big bang theory character
WHO are these people that breathe heavily in the bathroom stall???

2-4 hrs
English 2 voices
We need more -eers and -ariums

If trump drops that bunker buster that shit will be used in rap lyrics for years
There’s a lot of overlap between people who rag on moral relativism and people
who excuse the sins of our forefathers with the “he was a man of his time” bit.

Slowed + reverb 9locknine
200% chance Jesse ends up in Texas at least for a little

Why Mamadani should not win: rent control and rent freezes are an extremely
sticky policy and this damage can’t be undone next election cycle

Everyone’s saying this is the first good xxl class in a while and honestly it’s partly
because trump winning gave them the pass to not put 2-4 girls on there for the
first time in 9 years
I don’t like this shift from swag to aura. It’s a shift in emphasis from how you put
yourself out there to how others see you
Subject-oriented programming
McDonald’s in America is functional relative to its surroundings a lot, McDonald’s
in china is dysfunctional relative to its surroundings, McDonald’s in Auckland is a
Polynesian cultural center
“Stochastic experimental learning” you mean street smarts lol
Sikhs are Mormons of a India
Sophist-GPT lmfao

Wtf
The gasolinera by my host apartment in Valencia where I would snag Fanta and
beer from the cooler in the back … went there and grabbed a few Amstels often …
tall ass water bottles … went there and grabbed some stuff before they told us
about the water park party. That once big boulevard by the apartment where Noah
and I got lost and had to ask someone to charge our phones and I got grumpy. The
little park nearby that. The huge railways that cut the city in half. The giant stairs
that you had to walk your bike up to get back after getting denied at l’umbracle.
The little area with the tiny mostly pedestrian roads through old town you’d cut
through to get to school. The massive throughway with huge roundabouts you’d
haphazardly speed through while late to school, sometimes going one roundabout
too far. Playing glockboyz teejae on those free AirPods you got a few months
before that. The unwieldy bike swerving from your bag in the basket.
Burning the candle on both ends

Boutta vibe code the manifesto

